Starters Guide to Github - by Dino 

Install github from this link: https://git-scm.com/download/win
While you're going through the install DON'T CHANGE ANYTHING just keep hitting "Next"
Congratulations you've just installed github dipshit...

Hit the start button and search up "Git Bash"     DO NOT CLICK "Git GUI" or "Git CMD".

Once you've open the Git Bash do the following: 
$ dir
*A bunch of file directories will come up. We need to get to a file called Github which is located in the 
My Documents folder. Our goal right now is to navigate to there*

There are two commands you need to know

dir- short for directory. Lets you see what is inside the current folder you are navigated in.
cd - short for change directory. cd helps you navigate and change over from one directory to another

in our case we are going to use cd to get to github

First we must set up a Blank Github folder. Right clock the Github icon on the taskbar, right click on Github
again and hit propertise > File location. Right click in a blank area in the folder and create a folder
called "Github"

No go back into the shell and do the following.

Do the following:
$cd Github

Now you are in the Github folder. this is where you will save your code into and will also be the folder where
you submit code into the repository. But what is a repository?
A repository is like a Class-share folder where you can grab code that people have submitted and make your
own adjustments to is. A prime example of this would be something like Google docs where we can download someone
elses Homework assignment and change the name to make it look like it was yours. Okay bad joke... But you get
the idea it's a way for us to make our own versions of the code and submit them for other people to look at.

Now there is one last crucial step to installing Github
Do the following:
$git init

What 'git init' will do is initialize the folder as a 'github folder'.
Congratulations! We've officially set up git hub and learned how to navigate throughout the shell.

Now let's learn how to ACTUALLY USE the Github Shell.

Connecting to the School's repository
git remote add origin https://github.com/Guildedwings/Verona.git


How to sign in:

$ git config --global user.name "John Doe"
$ git config --global user.email johndoe@example.com


Make your code and always save it in that Github folder.

git add file.txt

git commit -m "Your title for your commit that will show up in the repository"

git push origin master

it will prompt you with your username and password
!!!!!YOU WILL GET AN ERROR THE FIRST TIME YOU DO THIS!!!!!!

To fix this:
git pull origin master

then

git push origin master

congratulations you've officially mastered github! :)

To check if you did this correctly go to Github.com and check the Verona repository to see if it's there.

If it mentions anything about security issues, make sure Dino has added you to the repository.

$ git branch   //will show all the branches

$ git fetch (whateveryourbranchis)  //will update your branch with any changes to the master branch.

If you want to review the commit log:
$ git log
Use Shift + Q to get out of it

To make a new branch away from the master branch
$ git branch whatever
or
$ git checkout -b whatever

and to switch from master to the branch you just made:
$ git checkout whateveryoucalledit

To view all the branches...
$ git branch

'master' is the main branch...

if you get an error pertaining to saving your work in a branch:
$ git stash
then you can switch between branches



Github referance:

Fork - making a change to a bunch of classes in which you branch off and later merge with the master branch.

git init //establishes the folder you want to do Github stuff in. Use sommands like dir to choose a location and then cd (whatever file) to get to that location
git add (whatever but must add the .txt or .doc or .exe or .whatever)
git add . //adds everything that was modified

git status //looks what's inside the commit (what might happen is that you will see GREEN text and RED text. The Green text is what your contribution to the code, however the
Red text signifies that someone else had already made a modification). This might also be caused by you making an edit but not saving it into your commit. To do this do
the "git add (whatever file this may be)"

git commit -m "My commit message" //established the commit.... now you need to send it...
git push origin master //sends the commit, username and pass will come up

IF you get an error from this use the following line: 
git pull origin master



How to add repositor:

git remote add origin https://github.com/Guildedwings/Verona.git

if nothing is coming up within the commit

touch "filename".txt (or whatever the . is)









dir - You can see whatever is in the file



Best installation for Gir:
https://git-scm.com/download/win


ALL GIT FILES MUST BE IN MY DOCUMENTS!!!

Will this go through?



git commit --amend --reset-author